Privacy Policy
This Privacy policy sets out how we (also referred to as us in this document, the Get Work application) handle the personal information you collect when you register.

Your privacy is very important to us. This privacy policy aims to prevent the disclosure of your personal information and provide a secure environment for Get Work applications. We will store the information we collect, how we use it, the conditions under which we can share this information, and the restrictions and changes to this policy.

We respect your privacy and assure you that any information you provide to us is regulated and protected, and will be processed in accordance with this policy and applicable laws. In order to use the services provided (hereinafter referred to as the "Website", collectively referred to as the "Website"), you may need to provide us with certain information. This policy sets out our procedures for collecting, using, storing, disclosing and managing users' personal data. We collect personal data only for verifying user accounts, maintaining user accounts, and analyzing user behaviors and requirements.

By accepting our privacy policy, you agree that we collect, use and disclose your information as described.

Information we collect
We may collect, but are not limited to: phone number, bank card information you provided when registering your phone number.

After registering for the Get Work app, you will be given a user ID to identify your account.

When you use our Get Work application, we usually collect certain technical information to personalize Get Work by using tracking technologies (such as server log files, mobile device software development kits, and browsers).

After registering Get Work APP, you will get a user ID to identify your account.Any other information you enter when using the service may also be collected.

Use of information
When you play the Get Work app, we will collect some personal information to provide good service, meet your requirements and solve your problems.

We can use it in the following ways, but not limited to: create your account and ensure a safe and smooth Get Work application; allow users to communicate with users; provide technical support and respond to user inquiries; receive feedback.

In addition, we may send you push notifications with your consent to notify you of Get Work app updates, promotions, and other related news.You can choose to opt out in the settings of your device.

If you do not want us to use your information for any of the purposes specified in the Privacy Policy, you can close your account by uninstalling our application.

All users of the service agree to use the information for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.

Information Sharing
We will not rent, sell or share with any third party without your consent, except in the following cases:

In order to perform certain services, we will provide some of your information to third-party companies on our behalf, including payment processing, marketing services, and advertising in Get Work applications.

We will work hard to ensure that any third party complies with our privacy policy and will not use your information for any other purpose.

Use of services-restrictions
Please note that if you fail to comply with our restrictions, your account will be suspended or permanently banned.

The Get Work app is not suitable for children under the age of 18. If this happens, we will take immediate steps to delete their information. You must not allow anyone under the age of 18 to use your account.

The Get Work app is for entertainment only.It is forbidden to use it for other purposes.

It is forbidden to spread any illegal or harmful information in the Get Work application.

It is forbidden to use your account to deceive, hack or maliciously use the Get Work application.

It is forbidden to create multiple accounts to play our Get Work app.

It is forbidden to transfer chips to multiple accounts of you or your friends privately or at any other table.

You are fully responsible for any unauthorized use of the service, including but not limited to payment by credit card or UTR in any way.

If you do not agree with any of our policies, including this privacy policy, you must not use our services.

Changes in private policy
The summary and content of this Privacy policy may change after a period of time. If any terms are rewritten, we will update this page. You can visit our website regularly to make sure you are aware of recent adjustments.

Contact us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including exercising your rights, please contact us
